AMP-83919 [BigQueryGA4Import] Add notes of BigQuery import to all places mentioning GA4 (#960)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/destinations/google-analytics-4-firebase.md

    The Google Analytics 4 (iOS/Android) destination works with an iOS or Android mobile application using Firebase. If you are working with a web application instrumented with Google Tag (gtag.js), set up a [Google Analytics 4 (Web)](../google-analytics-4-gtag) destination instead.

!!!note "BigQuery Import for GA4 (Google Analytics 4) Beta"

>     We are working on BigQuery Import for GA4 Beta. Please feel free to reach out to <dwh+GA4beta@amplitude.com>. In addition, click [here](/data/sources/bigquery) to view how you can import BigQuery data into Amplitude.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Amplitude is working on BigQuery Import for GA4 Beta. Contact [dwh+GA4beta@amplitude.com](mailto:dwh+GA4beta@amplitude.com) to learn more. For more information about importing BiqQuery data in to Amplitude, see the [BigQuery Source documentation](/data/sources/bigquery).
```
